README.md, before:

# AdrenoTools Drivers for Skyline, Vita3K and Yuzu Android Emulators

---

![MarkusTech](https://img.shields.io/badge/MarkusTech-Corp-critical) ![Patched](https://img.shields.io/badge/patched-for%20Skyline-blueviolet) ![ping](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ping%20Nozwock-for%20support-informational) ![ping2](https://img.shields.io/badge/also-havocr-green) 
![MarkusFundingReal](https://img.shields.io/badge/funding-markus%20tech-9cf)

---

A repository containing all the drivers for <a href="https://github.com/skyline-emu/skyline">Skyline</a>, <a href="https://github.com/Vita3K/Vita3K-Android">Vita3K</a> and <a href="https://github.com/yuzu-emu/yuzu">Yuzu Android</a>.

- Qualcomm drivers are extracted from qualcomm-soc-using devices, like Smartphones or the Oculus Quest.
- Turnip drivers are compiled from <a href="https://docs.mesa3d.org/index.html">Mesa</a>.

For TWRP or Magisk modules, join the Adreno <a href="https://t.me/adreno_konabess">Konabess Support Telegram group</a>.

# Usage

---

- [Skyline](docs/skyline.md)
- [Vita3K](docs/vita3k.md)

For any questions contact me on the <a href="https://discord.gg/skyline-emu">Skyline Emulator Official Discord</a>.

Commit message:

Update README for Strato
- Added emulator Strato
- Fixed link of discord server

README.md, after:

# AdrenoTools Drivers for Skyline, Vita3K and Yuzu Android Emulators

---

![MarkusTech](https://img.shields.io/badge/MarkusTech-Corp-critical) ![Patched](https://img.shields.io/badge/patched-for%20Skyline-blueviolet) ![ping](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ping%20Nozwock-for%20support-informational) ![ping2](https://img.shields.io/badge/also-havocr-green) 
![MarkusFundingReal](https://img.shields.io/badge/funding-markus%20tech-9cf)

---

A repository containing all the drivers for <a href="https://github.com/skyline-emu/skyline">Skyline</a>, <a href="https://github.com/strato-emu/strato">Strato</a>, <a href="https://github.com/Vita3K/Vita3K-Android">Vita3K</a> and <a href="https://github.com/yuzu-emu/yuzu">Yuzu Android</a>.

- Qualcomm drivers are extracted from qualcomm-soc-using devices, like Smartphones or the Oculus Quest.
- Turnip drivers are compiled from <a href="https://docs.mesa3d.org/index.html">Mesa</a>.

For TWRP or Magisk modules, join the Adreno <a href="https://t.me/adreno_konabess">Konabess Support Telegram group</a>.

# Usage

---

- [Skyline](docs/skyline.md)
- Strato (In works)
- [Vita3K](docs/vita3k.md)

For any questions contact me on the <a href="https://discord.gg/YhpdhVBmXX">Strato Emulator Official Discord</a>.
